Update logging.md (#39667)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/logging.md

## NuGet packages

The <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.ILogger%601> and <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.ILoggerFactory> interfaces and implementations are included in most .NET SDKs as implicit package reference. They're also available explicitly in the following NuGet packages when not otherwise implicitly referenced:

- The interfaces are in [Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions).
- The default implementations are in [Microsoft.Extensions.Logging](https://www.nuget.org/packages/microsoft.extensions.logging).

> For more information about which .NET SDK includes implicit package references, see [.NET SDK: table to implicit namespace](../extensions/logging.md#implicit-using-directives).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information about which .NET SDK includes implicit package references, see [.NET SDK: table to implicit namespace](../project-sdk/overview.md#implicit-using-directives).
```
